Rhonda Shears: Hello.
Richelle Direny: How are you
Rhonda Shears: I'm good. It's like to give is that
Richelle Direny: I can hardly hear you. Let me see. I think in my body.
Richelle Direny: What did you say i said i
Rhonda Shears: didn't sleep together last night.
Richelle Direny: I know, I know. Thanks for coming. I know.
Richelle Direny: How was able to give you a last minute appointment So I'ma show
Richelle Direny: Hold on. Let's see your Rhoda right
Rhonda Shears: Now, Rhonda Rhonda.
Richelle Direny: Rhonda Rhonda, I see the Asian the name
Richelle Direny: Now, you say you didn't sleep good last night. You had a I hear you just had a it was the anniversary
Richelle Direny: Of the passing
Rhonda Shears: Now, it was my husband.
Richelle Direny: Oh, your husband's passing
Richelle Direny: How long did he. How long ago was it
Rhonda Shears: Was a year ago, day before yesterday.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: On
Richelle Direny: What he died of natural causes. He was ill.
Rhonda Shears: And yeah, he had cancer.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay, yeah. That is definitely tough. I mean, and you know the grieving process can take years. It doesn't, you know, there's no
Richelle Direny: Expiration to say, you know, it's a year now. It's okay. So did you go to his
Richelle Direny: His gravesite
Rhonda Shears: And yes,
Rhonda Shears: Yeah, yeah, it's my boys. Yeah.
Rhonda Shears: And we're not
Richelle Direny: Breaking up
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up.
Rhonda Shears: I'm sorry, are you there.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Go ahead and
Rhonda Shears: It might have been something that came through on my phone. I don't know.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah, we went. We weren't supposed to go. But we did any night and boys and I got to send him in and we went to the grace.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. And how was that for you. According to the bright side.
Rhonda Shears: You know what I mean.
Rhonda Shears: By them better, isn't it.
Rhonda Shears: Huh acid. I did better than I did. But, you know, they said six expected to be
Richelle Direny: I mean it's it's it's it's okay you cried and you spoke to him. You did. And that's good, that's good. And that's, that's, it's a part of the healing process.
Richelle Direny: You know, to just release it. You know I told someone
Richelle Direny: The other day when you cry.
Richelle Direny: You're not crying because it's saying all hi can continue. You're crying, just it just think of it.
Richelle Direny: You're hurt and you have so much pain and it's almost like you're bleeding inside those tears, it's helping you to get it out.
Richelle Direny: It's helping you to wash it out. It's just to to to release. It's to remove it from where it's in bottled up on the inside and you're taking it out. It's saying it's okay it's saying that you're human. And you know you're hurting
Richelle Direny: When you if you scream, you're releasing it. It's kind of like, you know, like you, you, you have a soda bottle you shake it up. You can't leave it in there, right, you're full.
Richelle Direny: You need it.
Richelle Direny: And that's what the tears do. So that's, that's good. It's just saying you know how much you love them and you really miss him. And, you know, you're
Richelle Direny: Every day, you're adjusting to your new normal without him without him physically being there. He's a heart but you know you're adjusting to your new normal.
Richelle Direny: Your sons are, I take it, are all adults.
Rhonda Shears: Yes. Yeah, they're they're 3436
Rhonda Shears: grandkids.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, and to do they like, they check in on you. Every now and again
Rhonda Shears: Yeah, every day, three and four times a day.
Richelle Direny: That's good, that's good. At least you have that support um
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Did you
Richelle Direny: Did you ever go through grief counseling.
Rhonda Shears: A Yeah. And we were, I was at the doctor and before I got with you all our had great counseling and then I get I have them.
Rhonda Shears: hospice they we have great dancing with them.
Richelle Direny: Okay, they help you through that.
Richelle Direny: Process into and how is that, how's that been helping or how was that for you.
Rhonda Shears: It's been good. It's been good. I think if it hadn't been for them. I probably got through
Rhonda Shears: It.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you have that
Richelle Direny: Additional support.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What is the hardest thing for you.
Richelle Direny: To share if you if you may share like
Richelle Direny: What was the hardest thing for you. What is the hardest thing for you to go through each day. And how do you try to get through it. Not over it, but through it. How do you try to get through. What are some things you do to try to get through it.
Rhonda Shears: And just memories.
Rhonda Shears: Whenever we were he was here and I would think back whenever we had a boys and
Rhonda Shears: I know
Rhonda Shears: Hey, the morning, late
Rhonda Shears: And then I have my dog, of course. Hey, hey, was his baby, my name, and he had a lot of problems. Whenever he asked because I guess he so used to being there. So,
Rhonda Shears: That they think about the times you know he he did suffer a lot whenever he needs that si K stuffers and
Rhonda Shears: Now, and now he's not he no pain, no more. So
Richelle Direny: So the hardest part is
Richelle Direny: The memories of him, you know, the memories that you have of him and not creating new memories with him.
Now,
Richelle Direny: But then you're saying what you use to help you to get through it.
Richelle Direny: Is knowing that he's no longer in pain.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Because it was hard.
Richelle Direny: And I'm sure it was hard when he was
Richelle Direny: Going through treatment and everything and to see him in pain, how much that was for you to watch him go through all of that and not being able to
Me and
Rhonda Shears: Yeah, that he you know he he forgot us and me. He didn't remember who we were. Anything cuz it was his liver and they say the liver affects the brain and it affected him real bad.
Rhonda Shears: Day in and out. He can't remember who he was and you know he's kids were and I say my kids see that in there and it knows
Richelle Direny: What is something, tell me a happy memory because I think that's what will help you each day to get through it is think of a happy memory and smiling about those happy memory and the things that
Richelle Direny: You know, you, you think about those happy memories. Tell me about a happy memory.
Rhonda Shears: And as been at the car of can indicate Nick with boys.
Rhonda Shears: The implant.
Rhonda Shears: Think about them a lot.
Richelle Direny: And what you're talking about what your sons are with your grandchildren.
Rhonda Shears: With medicines and my grandkids, we would get together and it's just here disappear to send and her wife and the kids the grandkids. They were verse center nails daily
Rhonda Shears: Edition, which, you know, now they want to be able to, you know, grow up. No other
Rhonda Shears: Grandpa, but I mean there's a capital M That's out enough to know that, you know, they know they're at all, but
Rhonda Shears: The other ones are not going to know
Rhonda Shears: On either side because both they're both of their dads are are have passed to so
Rhonda Shears: They didn't know they didn't know they may there's oh they
Rhonda Shears: Got us
Richelle Direny: The grandmas. You said, Who's that who's passed.
Rhonda Shears: And my daughter in laws about the heavens. They're dead to pass to so
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: And, um, so, are they are source of strength for you as well.
Rhonda Shears: Yes.
Rhonda Shears: Night. They are always around
Rhonda Shears: And
Rhonda Shears: They're here for me it that way, they, they, they're very supportive of everything there if I need them. They're here.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good, that's good. So you have. So if you do have a lot of support. Now you live alone.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now it sounds like you to have a good source of of strength with your children and your
Richelle Direny: Your daughters in laws.
Richelle Direny: So it sounds like
Richelle Direny: To have that that good source of strength.
Richelle Direny: And you know, it's just like, you know, just think about the happy memories and even though he's not, you know,
Physically
Richelle Direny: There with you. You have your sons and your grandchildren that you can make new memories and you can tell them things about you know as they get older, about how great their grandfather was in just given them happy story about their grandfather
Richelle Direny: That can help you to get away, and it's okay if you cry if you wake up in the morning and there was something that if it's sitting in drinking a cup of coffee together in the mornings, even when
Richelle Direny: You know, coming up to the end, if that was something that you guys enjoyed, you know, just still just remember that and, you know, just remember those memories and just continue
Richelle Direny: You know, it is your new normal. And it's going to go on for some time and it's okay, it's okay. The question is, you know, you don't. Well, not the question. It's you continuing
Richelle Direny: You know, to carry on his memories and the things that maybe dreams or aspirations, or whatever that he had is to continue carrying it on with your grandchildren and with your children and continuing to do what you need to just live
Richelle Direny: But it is hard if you if you get up every morning and you know you want to cry for, you know, it's a season season for everything. If you want to cry for a little while. It's okay to cry. If you want a nasty cry. It's okay.
Richelle Direny: It's okay.
Richelle Direny: And there's no rule against tonight. You know, you got is cute cry if you want a nasty cry. It's okay you. How long were you
Richelle Direny: Know how long were you married
Rhonda Shears: At 37 years
Richelle Direny: Listen, you need some nasty cry is 37
Richelle Direny: Unit. Okay, I give you the permission, I write the prescription. If you want a nasty cry for the next week because for 37 years of your life you have spent it with him and you were there with him right up until the end, it is okay. It is a part of the healing process. It is
Richelle Direny: OH, OKAY. AND YOU KNOW WHAT IF YOU IN THE HOUSE AND YOU WANT TO TALK TO HIM. It is OK.
Richelle Direny: You don't care what any adult do not put in your mind, what are people going to think if they walk in this House and hear me talking to him.
Richelle Direny: Don't worry about that because sometimes that puts added stress and pressure on us because we're wondering how people are going to think and what they're going to say, or are they going to think I'm Kurt. If you want to talk to him.
Richelle Direny: If you as you making this coffee and you. What was his name.
Richelle Direny: And Leroy. We were do you did you guys drink coffee.
Rhonda Shears: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it looks like Leroy. I got this room new coffee and it's it's it's tippy top or if you want to do that. It is OK if it's what helps you to get through that moment, if it's what helps you to get through that heartbreak in that moment, it is ok.
Richelle Direny: That is your, is your means of healing. It is not mine. It is not your son's, it is not anybody else's. It is your means of healing, because for 37 years
Richelle Direny: You have had him. You guys have had ups and downs, you have had arguments. You've had last tours.
Richelle Direny: You probably said in them 37 years like if he say one more thing to me, I'm a gather up these kids and i'ma leave him because he getting on my God. But if that's what it is for 37 years you did that, it is okay.
Richelle Direny: I think you froze.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now, yeah, or you're back now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you're back.
Richelle Direny: So think about it for 37 years now. It's been a year since he's not you haven't. If you've been married for 37 years. How long have you guys been together.
Rhonda Shears: And they're
Richelle Direny: 3830. Okay, so for 38 so what, a year into knowing him. You guys got married.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, that's fine. So
Richelle Direny: Um, and after
Richelle Direny: You've
Richelle Direny: told him about the cup of coffee, whether it's good or it's bad. After you've cried you've released that pain that you're feeling in that moment.
Richelle Direny: After you've done that you could just say to him, but I know know you Leroy as much as I love you and I miss you. I know you're no longer in pain.
Richelle Direny: I know you're no longer suffering.
Richelle Direny: And I get comfort in knowing that you're no longer in pain and you're no longer suffering.
Rhonda Shears: Okay.
Rhonda Shears: Okay, I'm gonna try that and say,
Rhonda Shears: Just
Rhonda Shears: After you have done.
Richelle Direny: It just just wholeheartedly if you cry if you do all of that, because part of it you know selfishly, we want a person to be here with us.
Richelle Direny: selfishly, you don't want them to ever leave. But then, you know, there's that part. Because like you said we there's that part of you that said
Richelle Direny: But then I know he's not in pain anymore. I know that he's not, you know, suffering.
Richelle Direny: Before the end he didn't even remember who we were, because of the the the cancer of how much it was impacting him and that piece alone.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure is hard because you see him, you're talking to him, but he because of the illness and what it was doing to him. He what he didn't know who you were.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I'm sure the MIT. The first time he did that, what, how was that for you. The first time he didn't recognize who you were.
Rhonda Shears: Hard real hard.
Rhonda Shears: Real hard and
Rhonda Shears: I kicked out where I'm at here just pass that that maybe it's just something that it was a matter intake and some of the medicine that now underdog labor.
Richelle Direny: And so the doctor told you that it was because of what the cancer was doing and the liver. It made me forget you.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Knowing you know so basically you're grieving started when he you were standing there.
Richelle Direny: The woman who is married him who's lived with him for 30 something years who bore two children for him.
Richelle Direny: And knowing that this individual is sitting in front of me and have no clue who I am, has no clue who is and every single day throughout the day. That was your reality and it was your new normal.
Richelle Direny: Now his physical body is no longer here with you.
Richelle Direny: So even though you cry and even though you're grieving that will go on for some time. It's like I said, there's no no one can tell you after five years, you should be done with this. No, because 30 set for 38 years
Richelle Direny: You've known this person.
Richelle Direny: So how can I now forget their very existence, after a year or two or three or four when I've known this person for so many years.
Richelle Direny: Your. Can you hear me because I know you're okay.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you know it's okay to go through all of this. But again, when it's all said and done, to kind of
Richelle Direny: kickstart or go through your day. It's just reminding yourself.
Richelle Direny: Leroy. I know I love you and I would love, I would have loved you to be here with me for us to continue making memories. But now I know
Richelle Direny: You're no longer in pain, you're no longer suffering, you're no longer
Richelle Direny: Having to deal with the treasuries of this world.
Richelle Direny: I would have loved for you to be with me.
Richelle Direny: And you know, you understand what I'm saying. When I even use the word selfishly, I know selfishly, I would want you here with me for us to go through it all together as we did in the years past, but I know
Richelle Direny: Physically, the pain you're no longer in because watching him in that pain, watching him if he was in pain, and it was overwhelming and intense for him and knowing there's not much you could do for him with your physical self.
Richelle Direny: You know that he's no longer doing that. So, you know, I would recommend just try doing that, um, you know, just try doing that for a few days and then the next time that we meet again you could tell me what was that like
Richelle Direny: When you, when you did that. How did you feel, how did they help to
Richelle Direny: How did it help you get through the moment as it came and how did you get through your day. Okay.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Now you said that your children lives close to you.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: I do
Richelle Direny: Now, do you have any kind of groups or organizations that you're part of whether it be church or anything like that that you that you hope to get additional support.
Rhonda Shears: And now.
No.
Richelle Direny: So all you have is your support system is your children.
Yes.
Rhonda Shears: It is children.
Richelle Direny: Do you have friends that come by. Sometimes I'll call you checking on you.
Rhonda Shears: And and my cousin knows she's my friend, but she lives down the rat down the road for me. She's comes up every day.
Richelle Direny: And I know it. I'm sure it's a little bit harder, especially now that you're going through. We're under this quarantine.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And now, even with the quarantine. Does your songs combined to assist
Rhonda Shears: Now they are they are inside the house they stay in the kids and they don't. Can they just cow they face time that
Richelle Direny: They face time with you all the time.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah. Yeah, see, I could see the grandkids, you know,
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. How old are your grandchildren.
Rhonda Shears: And the oldest one is 12 and a Yankees fan is over.
Rhonda Shears: So,
Rhonda Shears: She's 412 that's actually four and then one is a one man and one is 12
Richelle Direny: Let me see.
Richelle Direny: When you called in last night for a session.
Rhonda Shears: And yeah, she she said that
Rhonda Shears: She wanted me to see a counselor, so
Rhonda Shears: you snore. Now, you could probably hearing
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to see, because I know who is your who is the doctor that you see. What state are you in
Rhonda Shears: I'm in Tennessee.
Richelle Direny: So you see Dr. Jamison
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Now you do know today's what Thursday. You do know that did she tell you about the group's yesterday.
Richelle Direny: Or about the group.
Rhonda Shears: I was in grade yesterday.
Richelle Direny: What time did you go to the group.
Rhonda Shears: And three
Rhonda Shears: Very clear on
Richelle Direny: Who was the who was the person who did the group.
Rhonda Shears: And there was, sir. So, man. I came in late.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah, it was. Yeah.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that's the group that she wants you to go to the one that on at three o'clock on Wednesdays.
Rhonda Shears: Yes.
Richelle Direny: All right, hold on, let me go through, because I want to see if our session now is just a regular session. And then I can schedule you for your bio psychosocial on a different day.
Richelle Direny: Because I know. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yesterday when you call in and you needed that extra support. I didn't have any time but then right after you got off the phone. The five o'clock I had didn't show which I could have met you last night.
Richelle Direny: Um, but then yesterday was Wednesday. So yeah, I wouldn't have been able to me because you have you went to the group yesterday right
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Is
Richelle Direny: To what what appointments are best for you in the morning or in the evenings.
Richelle Direny: The afternoon is best for you.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now outside of you being on the quarantine do you typically
Richelle Direny: You weren't doing today.
Rhonda Shears: And now I draw disability.
Richelle Direny: We can schedule you enter is what time of the day is best for you. I mean, you said in the evenings on what day is best for you.
Rhonda Shears: Reinstate Thursday. It doesn't really matter.
Richelle Direny: It doesn't matter. The days. Doesn't matter.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah, it didn't matter.
Richelle Direny: Can schedule to another session with you, but it's going to be a morning though I'm
Richelle Direny: A week from today.
Richelle Direny: And I could do it at nine, the same time.
Richelle Direny: Okay, we'll do your intake appointment. Then, because I know that you know this because the intake appointment. You know, it's over the course of an hour that we
Rhonda Shears: Have
Richelle Direny: A lot of history that we're doing. And then we can. So we'll do that, given that this appointment was more so of just kind of like a just the additional support.
Richelle Direny: What have you, how long have you been on Suboxone or are you on Suboxone now. Right. Is this your first time or you've
Rhonda Shears: Been on and for I think maybe Raven rants now.
Richelle Direny: 11 months. Oh, hold on. Okay, so. And how long have you you
Richelle Direny: What was your drug of choice before
Rhonda Shears: pain pills.
Richelle Direny: pain pills for how many years.
Rhonda Shears: Excuse me.
Richelle Direny: For how long
Rhonda Shears: Oh gosh, I sound pain pills for no good 10 years
Richelle Direny: Old, okay, what is it that you had an accident. So, or
Rhonda Shears: What was, yeah.
Rhonda Shears: There is a I had a car right
Richelle Direny: Now, um, so now I know when we So we first started, you said that you know you had a hard time sleeping.
Richelle Direny: How many hours do you say like, given that, you know, you're still grieving the loss of your husband. Do you find yourself that you're struggling to sleep, or it was just harder just this past few days because of
Rhonda Shears: That matter past few days.
Richelle Direny: Just because of the anniversary of his passing
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And what did you do or what do you do to try to get them to try to get through even to get a little bit of sleep.
Rhonda Shears: Claim
Richelle Direny: So you up cleaning
Rhonda Shears: In the middle again. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But in the past few days. What you, you had to have been reclaiming the same things right.
Richelle Direny: Away, nobody coming through. And since y'all a lot. Now that's just
Richelle Direny: Now, um, I know you were in group when you share it about the struggles with the with everything with your husband.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And how is it now.
Richelle Direny: To talk about it.
Richelle Direny: And does groups help you a little bit
Yes.
Richelle Direny: You said it's a Wednesday 3pm group that you go to
Richelle Direny: You know, I have to say that I'm not necessarily the biggest
Richelle Direny: I'm sure animals help you to get through a lot of hard times.
Yeah.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
Rhonda Shears: Right now.
Rhonda Shears: I don't know how you don't hear him snore, and
Richelle Direny: I think what I wanted to see somebody some time ago and I think the dog.
Richelle Direny: He, he will remember. What kind of dog. He was, but he was always take a little something he was he was really big.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: THAT HE ATE TOO MUCH. KNEW IT REALLY obese. And I think that was the first time I want to say, I think I've ever heard a dog snore.
Rhonda Shears: My needs a lot. And then he's a Boston Terrier which does dogs like to eat. Anyway, but he loves eating think that's his drag his food.
Richelle Direny: So, um, but you said that he's he's definitely helping you get through.
Richelle Direny: Get through the
Richelle Direny: Yesterday, just everything that you're going to the grief and loss of here.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good, because I know that you know sometimes people use. Now what are, what are some of the, some things that you do in terms of your own self care do you go take walks, I take him on longer walks
Rhonda Shears: Yes.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
Rhonda Shears: And I summer I walked him every day. I mean, we just he loves to get walking
Richelle Direny: That's just something you know, coming up with a new routine your new normal. It's coming up with a new routine things that you can do to I'm trying to find your group.
Rhonda Shears: And add it here you
Richelle Direny: Know I'm trying to find your group, but I think you I'm
Rhonda Shears: I came in late, and
Rhonda Shears: I came in late yesterday. So I'm thinking it was at three o'clock.
Richelle Direny: No, you know what I'm going to put you with the group that I have. Because I think you're supposed to probably go to the on on Wednesdays, that the Jamison, and I for Tennessee. We run a 12 O'clock group.
Rhonda Shears: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So I don't know if she had told you to
Rhonda Shears: Tell me to come in and and sending them 11 and then to be at the 12 O'clock Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: Oh, she told you that yesterday.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. Okay. That's why I'm not finding that three o'clock. Okay. Yes, because that's the group that she does her and I run the group at 12 for Tennessee.
Richelle Direny: And so, so I'm the host for that group. I'm your assigned counselor, so I will meet you for your intake and I will, for every session after this. I'm the one that will do it.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: That's why I couldn't find it. So you're all set. I put you in for the group. I mean, for the 9am individual and then starting on the which is next Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: You read just always sign in.
For
Richelle Direny: You will just sign in for your, your
Richelle Direny: Your groups at 12 o'clock. So yeah, it's definitely recommended that you sign in, like maybe 2030 to 20 to 30 minutes prior because I know that they have a lot of traffic going into virtual clinic and that you can you can get Simon that way. Okay, so, um,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so that's kind of how we'll do it. I am going to so since this
Richelle Direny: Let me see what they have you registered here as well.
Richelle Direny: And now you weren't having any thoughts. I know, yesterday you denied you don't have any thoughts of self harm or anything like that. Do you
Richelle Direny: Now know you don't have any history of any thoughts of that nature.
Rhonda Shears: No, no.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. And, you know, one. And like I said, just like how you called in yesterday, and you kind of need that extra support because you were just having a really hard time, you can always do that. You just just call in
Richelle Direny: And, you know, just ask for a session and I'll look at my calendar and just let them know you know and then we can just meet just the way we do it doesn't even have to be a long session. It's just like just to have that added support. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what we'll do is, like I said, next week, but we'll have our regular intake appointments session at nine o'clock, where I'm just going over your history and everything else. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, do you arm and how are you feeling
Richelle Direny: Now, I was saying, How are you feeling, how are you
Rhonda Shears: I feel good.
Richelle Direny: And if you know if find that if you find that you're having like a whole lot of trouble. Even with sleeping and, you know, you can always talk to Dr. Davis and about that.
Richelle Direny: You know, just talk to her, and she kind of hold to her own assessment to see if there's anything for you to help you with some sleep because that's another thing.
Richelle Direny: Another stressor can even come up is limited sleep not getting enough sleep, and I know, like I said, it's one thing to, you know, be going through the grief and loss like you're doing now. It's another
Richelle Direny: Because of the fact that we're quarantine and I hear a whole lot of people who are introverts is what they call it, they like to be home. They like to stay isolated.
Richelle Direny: They said that now it's like now that you're told that you can't leave the house. It's a problem. So now, especially for you that your, your home, you really can't leave and you're having to stay connected with your family with via
Richelle Direny: Via whether it's FaceTime, or this this platform. Sometimes it feels like you know another loss like something else has been taken away from you.
Richelle Direny: But just know that you know just continue doing it. It's not going to last very long.
Richelle Direny: You just find different creative ways because when it's all said and done, they're also protecting you. Because I know that they say you know there's different population and
Richelle Direny: That, you know, especially being an older person if for you. It could be a little bit more detrimental to you, then it could be for your son, his their wives or their, their children. So it's just you know they're protecting you because they want to continue making memories with you.
Rhonda Shears: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what is something that when we meet in a week. What is something that you're going to try each day to help you to get through each day as you get you continue to adjust to your new normal. What is something that I recommended that you do.
Rhonda Shears: Have a good crack
Richelle Direny: Have a good cry. And if you want to just talk to him and do it if it makes if it's something that helps you to get through that. Whatever helps you to get through that moment.
Richelle Direny: You know that's healthy and it's authentic and it's, you know, have a good cry. And if you add the end of the cry and you know you finish just say, you know,
Richelle Direny: I am
Richelle Direny: You know, I miss you. I really do miss you. I miss that we're not going to be able to make new memories, but I
Richelle Direny: happy that you're no longer in pain.
Richelle Direny: You're not having gone. He's you're not happy. And you have to tell yourself you're you're helping yourself. It's not that you're happy that he's no longer here. You're happy that he's no longer suffering.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's it. You're just you're happy he's no longer suffering and because it is even if he continued.
Richelle Direny: And I think the hardest part. And I've seen this. The hardest part is having someone there with you that you're helping that you have all these memories with you've built on life with but they look at you and they have no clue who you are.
Richelle Direny: That is understand that is the hardest part is knowing I'm looking at you. It's like you are my mother, you've done this for me. But you look at me in your life. Get away. I don't know who you are, that by itself is hard.
Rhonda Shears: Yeah.
So,
Richelle Direny: Just, just just have a good cry and just say, you know, I miss you, but I'm happy that you're no longer in pain, you're no longer suffering. Okay. Yeah. All right. Well, if you don't have any other questions or anything like that. Like I said, you can always reach out and going to be here.
Rhonda Shears: And can you and are you able to look and see if she caught my medicine in yesterday accident or whatever.
Rhonda Shears: There was two prescriptions.
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on.
Richelle Direny: I can see
Richelle Direny: You said yesterday, right.
Richelle Direny: I don't think I'll send what I'll do is I'll send her a message because I don't think it's what they do is when you're when she's speaking to you. I think she does it right then in there, she sends it in. So I'll send her a message, just to confirm that they did. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And if she did, um, Let me confirm your phone number that I have here on file for you.
Richelle Direny: I'll send you a message to say yes. Is your phone number four to 38710212
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay, I'll send you a text message to let you know that she did and in your in that text message. I'll also put a reminder of our session on the 16th at nine and then they both the day before your appointment. I'll send you another reminder of it. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And so, and that's that's the same number, that if you like. If you need that extra support you need a session or what have you.
Richelle Direny: You can either call in virtual clinic or you could call you can send me a message on that. Okay.
Rhonda Shears: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Richelle Direny: All right, then I'm Rota. So, have a good one and stay safe. Okay. Our
Rhonda Shears: Thank you very much. You're welcome.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Gerald Ford: Yep, yep.
Richelle Direny: So how is everything.
Gerald Ford: Okay, is bored to death.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure we all are. This
Richelle Direny: Thing is
Real
Gerald Ford: Want a Kroger yesterday and put it, you don't even have to put an application and now they just write your number down and your email address.
Gerald Ford: Were supposed to get back in contact with you.
Richelle Direny: That
Gerald Ford: Instacart to
Mm hmm.
Gerald Ford: Right, I don't have my actual colors for my job when I have my driver's license. I don't have my car.
Gerald Ford: And you got to have a picture of it and all the license grows his clothes. You can't, you know, you can't can do that.
Richelle Direny: So you're not able to
Gerald Ford: Do that Instacart thing, but I don't matter. I don't care if I could just get out for three hours, four hours a day. I will be so have
Richelle Direny: A look. Hello. You can you can get out, you are unable to three hours.
Gerald Ford: That usually gets me in trouble.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I'm just saying. There's just, there's creative ways in which you could do it.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know it's it's just one of those things where
Richelle Direny: It is, it is very
Richelle Direny: I love my house. I do.
Richelle Direny: I love everyone in it.
Gerald Ford: But
Richelle Direny: Let's get real.
Richelle Direny: Real the outside world is also a place to get explored as well.
Richelle Direny: Right, and it is nice to explore
Richelle Direny: So the other day I i because we have been like a my family. We've been home. Well, they've been home longer than me. I just recently started working from home. So they've been home a little bit longer. They've been home over a month now especially my children. And so the other day.
Richelle Direny: The other day I asked.
Richelle Direny: I said, oh, you know, I thought is looking real beautiful because like you know here in Florida, especially, it's, it's, for the most part it's very sunny.
Richelle Direny: I'm really hot. It goes up into like in the dead of winter like 90 degrees here.
Richelle Direny: Oh, the other day, you look outside and it's just like, oh my god, it's gorgeous. You know that it's funny because the outside world. When you're indoors and you're looking outside it looks gorgeous like everything is green, the greenery.
Richelle Direny: The whole nine and the wind is blowing and you're just like, oh, it just looks gorgeous outside the sun is hitting everything in just the right way and you're just like, oh, it's gorgeous.
Richelle Direny: I need to go outside and take a walk. So for a few days. I, I kept looking outside. And I'm like, oh, it's gorgeous. You know, so then, finally, the other day I decided
Richelle Direny: To gather up everybody.
Richelle Direny: And I said, Let's go take a walk.
Richelle Direny: Around the community. Let's go take a walk and it was nice. I mean, like I said, I said look gorgeous. But until you go out there, realize how hard it is
Richelle Direny: It was gorgeous but. And so here, because of the quarantine they closed down pretty much all like the recreational areas the parks that everything. So you really truly can all you could do is just really walk or ride a bicycle. If you have a bicycle.
Richelle Direny: We did that. And so, you know,
Richelle Direny: You know, my little one says, oh, let's go and get yesterday, I want to go to the park. So then I had to be the bearer of bad news and say, well, the park is called honey. We can't go to the park can't do anything. So this is where being home.
Richelle Direny: You have to you, you find creative ways to entertain everyone or you decide
Richelle Direny: Go watch TV. Watch your tablet. Look at the phone to something. Just leave me alone.
Gerald Ford: Oh,
Richelle Direny: That's just kind of how but you have to find a way
Richelle Direny: To get through it. You said you live with your mom now right
And look,
Gerald Ford: For us right now. Right now I'm bashing and DAYTON WAS AT MY GIRLFRIEND.
Gerald Ford: So we've been together since we've been 14
Richelle Direny: So,
Gerald Ford: Like 30 some years.
I met your girlfriend.
Gerald Ford: I mean, we've been nice.
Gerald Ford: Yeah, we never met apart.
Gerald Ford: 25 and essentially for
Richelle Direny: You guys have the both of them together both it is with your girlfriend.
Richelle Direny: Of 30 some years, yes.
Richelle Direny: Awesome.
Gerald Ford: And, um, I actually, you know, I haven't cheated on my girlfriend since I've been like 20 years old, you know, and I'm a little person, you know, and
Gerald Ford: I DON'T KNOW. I JUST BEEN NO I trying to go to my mom's to, you know, when I when I get really worried about
Gerald Ford: You know, getting them bad thoughts, you know, and plus my mom is like, ah, so you know, I want to spend, you know, as much time with her as possible because you know this last year, you know, she can really start to see, you know, it's hard for me. I mean, I feel bad because, you know, I get that.
Gerald Ford: You know, aggravated, you know, because the sun, the silly questions. You know, I'm not thinking you know about her age.
Gerald Ford: I was like, Mom, you know, when I feel bad about that, you know, like later on.
Gerald Ford: Now she does. Good Friday eight but she has a brain tumor.
Gerald Ford: And
Gerald Ford: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, and you know what, I think it this time. It does forces, it forces all of us to not just look at take an introspective look at ourselves.
Richelle Direny: But I'm just at everything. And you know, I thought about like when you when you're talking in group. And I thought about, like I said I was going to go and just kind of Google for you, like when we talked about
Richelle Direny: You know, separate Celebrate Recovery because now, especially with the quarantine. A lot of that stuff. I know here in Florida.
Richelle Direny: A lot of that stuff is online on you know people who have had Celebrate Recovery groups.
Richelle Direny: The church that I go to. They have Celebrate Recovery groups where their group of men that would meet, but now they have shifted to like an online platform. And then I'm sure that's you know will be helpful. So it's for you to get connected with
Richelle Direny: Church organization or whatever, whatever, you know, feels like you feel like that will meet your need to be able to get that additional support therapy is one thing because therapy really just kind of gets to the root of
Richelle Direny: Or substance abuse counseling, if you will, gets to the root of what
Richelle Direny: What are your stressors. What are the things that are going on within you. Those unresolved issues.
Richelle Direny: Those things that you've lost control of those things that you're still carrying with you from the past that makes you use, whether it's drinking, whether it's your if you have a heroin addiction.
Richelle Direny: alcohol addiction pill addiction, whatever it is, whatever it is, those unresolved things from your past or from your yesterday.
Richelle Direny: That makes you use these other chemical substances or entities to help you suppress those things that wants to get resolved that wants to leave you, but you suppress it with these outside, you know, substances. That's what counseling will do
Richelle Direny: You know Celebrate Recovery and being a part of a group, it helps you as well. But it helps you a lot more within that moment of getting through.
Richelle Direny: individual counseling does too. But I kind of take that approach of, you know, not allowing your yesterday, being able to acknowledge that yesterday did happen.
Richelle Direny: You are a part of all of the events of yesterday.
Richelle Direny: But how can you
Richelle Direny: Be aware of it, know that it did happen, but not allow yesterday to have such a great impact on your today not counseling allows you to
Richelle Direny: Be aware and acknowledge and learn from your yesterday.
Richelle Direny: But not make the same decisions yesterday, today, that's what counseling, does it keeps you in the aware. It keeps you in the know. It keeps you in the understanding and learning identifying those tools to help you to get through it all.
Richelle Direny: Celebrate Recovery. It is definitely from more of a
Richelle Direny: Tree. Celebrate Recovery as I know it takes more of a Christian perspective.
Richelle Direny: A more
Richelle Direny: Godly spiritual angle of being able to get and which is where, you know, even in my reading, which is where the foundation of a lot of those these anonymous programs like alcohol anonymous. That's where the foundation of it came from. I know that a lot of like, you know, a lot of
Richelle Direny: People have kind of come away from
Richelle Direny: The foundation of what it was founded on
Richelle Direny: The belief, people have come away from that and kind of, it's been convoluted watered down and kind of taken to suit them in the way they wanted to. So it's kind of like it's kind of like want to charge and saying, God, You've been invited here, you know, that's
Gerald Ford: Right, right.
Gerald Ford: Right. It's crazy. It is draining just
Richelle Direny: Like how do you go to church and be like God. You can't come can't come. It's my house.
Gerald Ford: Like
Gerald Ford: On person that says you know where we don't talk about that. But I mean, right in the same you know
Richelle Direny: It is, it is. But hey, you know, it's what makes people feel good in the moment, but it's only in the moment, if you want it long term. You got to kind of allow him to come back to his own house.
Richelle Direny: So it's, it's, it's the that's what it was founded upon so Celebrate Recovery kind of holds that truth.
Richelle Direny: And allows you to walk daily in that truth that this is your wound. It is your scar. It is what it is.
Richelle Direny: But what are you going to do. Are you going to live according to the law of this car, or how you got this car, or are you going to learn from it and using these Celebrate Recovery says using these biblical perspective.
Richelle Direny: To help you to get through each
Richelle Direny: Moment of your day or just get through each day and just understanding that, and I know that that's a little bit of what you touched upon in group, the other day.
Richelle Direny: About finding your truth and walking in your truth and helping you to get through those urges of wanting to use or those memories of the losses that you've had, and all the things that you've you've gone through
Richelle Direny: They've happened. You can't
Richelle Direny: Do anything to change it. But you can definitely learn from it. It's happened and you've used
Richelle Direny: Different chemicals to help you get through it because that's what in that moment, that's what you thought was best. That's what the world told you
Richelle Direny: It was okay for you to do it. Um,
Richelle Direny: But when they tell you
Richelle Direny: You can use these things to get through these hard times what they didn't tell you was all of the things you're going to lose in the process.
Richelle Direny: All
Richelle Direny: The losses, you were going to encounter in the process. It didn't tell you that it and tell you that
Richelle Direny: You're gonna your wound is going to be real deep and that the healing process is going
Richelle Direny: To be hard in tell you that it just told you it's okay. You can do this. You can see that it's okay I you could get through it somehow. But they can tell you
Richelle Direny: That maybe you, you're going to be involved with the law is it didn't tell you all the things that was going to come after it didn't tell you that
Gerald Ford: Right consequences or their
Richelle Direny: Entire you know the consequences will tell you know
Gerald Ford: Still there.
Richelle Direny: They're still there. There are there, you're going to get through them. Um,
Richelle Direny: They're all they're going to be daily reminders, but you can't. It's learning to not allow it to be your shackle
Richelle Direny: You understand
Richelle Direny: You can allow your yesterday to be your
Richelle Direny: Your cuffs. Your handcuffs. The ones that that ties are your hands and feet down
Gerald Ford: And that's where I'm kind of start to, you know, I'm still. I mean, I'm really a sociable person and you know that's where if I'm not at work, you know, that's why I'm
Gerald Ford: You know, on time. I need, I need to meet people, you know, to start out learning to live again, you know, without now without somebody saying we need to know. Yeah, before we do this or maybe taking it myself.
Gerald Ford: That because before you know
Gerald Ford: just waking up, you know, you just want to, you know, said just just do what, you know, you know, that's all I want to learn. No, that's just
Gerald Ford: From being around the same very few people, you know, which I don't blame nobody for that but myself because I didn't want to be around what I was around. I wouldn't be around it, you know.
Gerald Ford: That's what you know I need said to branch out more and get more uncomfortable so I can get comfortable. No was talking to people and you know it is more so open, you know,
Gerald Ford: And, and, you know, admit
Gerald Ford: Admit some these stones, you know,
And
Yeah.
Gerald Ford: And I've learned
Gerald Ford: Last year to just about the group's know this know talking to somebody that understands the game, you know, instead of, you know, like, like your family, the people that know they care about you and stuff. They don't understand, you know,
Gerald Ford: You know the
Gerald Ford: The guilt and know just different kinds of pain know just just saying no. I mean, for me, it makes me feel weak.
Gerald Ford: I
Richelle Direny: It's in. So as you're saying it you so it's a matter of perspective with everyone. It's that
Richelle Direny: You know, it's kind of
Richelle Direny: You know, there's a saying there's there's no sin, greater small all sin is the same. And you think, well, how is our murder or the same as a
Richelle Direny: Are rapists. Like, how dare you say that, like that's worse than that one. No it no sin is great off everything wrong is wrong no matter how you want to, but I think we find ways to comfort ourselves to say well mines is not as bad as yours. We find that as comfort and so
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: I think once we understand
Richelle Direny: The concept of
Richelle Direny: If I am a liar, it's viewed and it has the same weight as you who is, if, if, as soon as the same right if I'm a liar and you're just the an addict if from a godly perspective, I look at both of them as if God says, Well, they're both equal
Richelle Direny: Once we understand. I can't look at you.
Richelle Direny: With any kind of condemnation. I can't look at you and judge you. I can't look at you and do any of that because it says, both are equal.
Richelle Direny: So then therefore whatever guilt, you're feeling I should feel that same guilt because they're both wrong. You understand what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: But I think we that
Richelle Direny: We don't look at things like that. I look at it as you're you're an attic and I'm just a liar. So my thing is not as bad as you know know they're all of them is bad. All of them is bad.
Richelle Direny: Well, not to say all of them is bad if if
The consequence.
Richelle Direny: At the end is death. If we look at it like that. The consequence of a liar, a drug addict a thief, a murderer. If all of us though the the crime is different, what the consequence is death then
Richelle Direny: My insecurities my guilt. My all of it should be the same. I should. Boy, you're added out on a liar. But they said that we both go into the consequences is still the same. You feel bad. Don't feel bad. I feel bad.
Richelle Direny: If we start aligning them to look at everything is the same. I won't be so I'm not going to
Richelle Direny: I'm not going to feel so bad. If I understand that everything is it's like it's everything is equal. You understand, but I don't think that
Richelle Direny: We look at, we're not trained to think of things like that. We're not trained to look at life like that. And so therefore we all go into our individual isolation and self pity and we
Richelle Direny: are our own worst enemy, simply because it's everything is viewed that my thing is bad. And if anybody finds out that I'm an addict, then they're going to do this and they're going to say this and they're going to do that. And, but if I look at myself as I'm a liar.
Richelle Direny: And you know, I lied about this and I love it. But if I look at it ultimately how my creator looks at all of it. It's the same. And if my creative says all of you can ask for forgiveness and you will be forgiven.
Richelle Direny: Then, it gives me some peace and it gives me some release you understand, because ultimately, what is important is how he sees me and how he deals with me. That's all that's really truly important
Richelle Direny: You follow me.
Gerald Ford: Do I mean there's just a new regions, you know, again, and
Gerald Ford: You make up these excuses. And then, you know, all around the good or bad, you know,
Gerald Ford: No.
Gerald Ford: No, I hate summer thing I do, but then I'm like,
Gerald Ford: You know, no, no. Not all around that person.
Gerald Ford: I can they care more for everybody else. Then I really do for myself. No, I think that, you know, I need to learn
Gerald Ford: So like you said, I mean, forgive myself, you know, for you know the the the feeling that I feel guilty about. I mean, just like
Gerald Ford: I mean, one other thing that's on the that has bothered me my whole life. And you know, I said, my parents is older and no
Gerald Ford: No, when I when I was young, you know, I remember just laying there.
Gerald Ford: Crying. No, no. I'm like,
Gerald Ford: Four or five years old you know where I'm at. I've seen some crazy shit, you know,
Gerald Ford: Me and my boys know my mom, dad,
Gerald Ford: And it's always been in my mind, you know,
Gerald Ford: I just remember, always. No worries.
Gerald Ford: From as far back as I can remember, you know about, you know, just lose and my mom. Are you know that the people close to me because there's so much you know my nieces and nephews.
Gerald Ford: You know, same as me or older. And now I mean it confused me to, you know, because they used to call my mom. Mom Oh no, because they're gamble. Mm hmm. And, you know, what did I did start calling my mom was like, webinars, you know, because
Gerald Ford: All you know my
Gerald Ford: My nieces and nephews my age. Now, that's what they all called her, you know,
Gerald Ford: So, but anyway, you know, I mean, I just remember always worried about, you know, just looking at that age so
Gerald Ford: You know, I used to watch the news.
Gerald Ford: At work and stuff, you know, to make sure there wasn't no accident.
Gerald Ford: On the way to work.
Gerald Ford: And, you know, I've seen a lot of of my family dies, you know, and I am great to, you know,
Gerald Ford: I just lost my brother, the beginning this year, you know,
Gerald Ford: You use something like 65 or 60 massive heart attack.
Gerald Ford: And I'm just sitting back there. You know, like
Gerald Ford: It just bothers me a lot to thank you. Oh, hey, you know,
Gerald Ford: If I don't end up killing myself or, you know, something
Gerald Ford: Saying suicide or
Gerald Ford: My addiction, you know,
Gerald Ford: Any other way. You know, I'm probably going to wash you know I have, I have three brothers and three sisters and my sister is 12 years older than me.
Gerald Ford: So, you know, I'm probably going to watch you know
Gerald Ford: Most of them, you know, die, you
Gerald Ford: Know,
Richelle Direny: You have a strong in your family on are a lot of your whether siblings or
Richelle Direny: Your aunts and uncles is addiction pretty prevalent in your family.
Gerald Ford: Oh, I'm
Gerald Ford: Not well for, like, you know, my dad. He was an alcoholic. Yeah, seeing. And I mean, do a lot of things to my mom when I was very young.
Gerald Ford: And yeah, my, my
Gerald Ford: My second oldest brother. I mean, he has been frozen. Well, I mean, it's been out by like
Gerald Ford: 15 years now, but
Gerald Ford: No for that. I mean you as employees by down like 15
Gerald Ford: PLUS YEARS.
Gerald Ford: For for drugs and you know just doing consequences of living that lifestyle.
Gerald Ford: And yeah, I mean, but I mean like
Gerald Ford: I mean, there's a few of them. But, you know, as far as me and my one brother. I mean, my
Gerald Ford: The guys in our family. I mean, my one brother was addicted to about anything but my, my brother that died. He never made job a little bit when he was younger, but
Gerald Ford: He didn't drink for years before he died.
Gerald Ford: And then they smoke weed. No, I'm very much smoke weed one time or another.
Gerald Ford: But I mean, as far as my siblings, just the one has been, you know, addicted.
Gerald Ford: So were suspected his wife, you know,
Gerald Ford: 40 negatively the rest of my brothers and sisters, all you know have
Gerald Ford: Pretty decent size, you know, I mean, they're all you know i mean they all have really good jobs you know me. So, I mean,
Gerald Ford: The, the older and I know my dad side, the family that they was all pretty much you know alcoholics and stuff though, you know, but my mom side. No, no, I mean those one down south and Kentucky. So, you know, my, my dad side was
Gerald Ford: Was um yeah there's no more poor
Gerald Ford: And
Gerald Ford: You know they they suffered from alcoholism, a lot on my dad's side but on one side, they were pretty like my mom, you know, she never just
Gerald Ford: never smoked cigarettes, you know, never did nothing and and you know that's Furman which is my grandmother in every man has never had a TV in your house, you know, they, they weren't around a TV and their health.
Gerald Ford: So, I mean,
Gerald Ford: They was no
Gerald Ford: Animal man she goes to church. You know she has she is low, very low.
Gerald Ford: very decent person.
But
Gerald Ford: Man, those, you know,
As what
Gerald Ford: I strive to be more likely or or or what I want to feel the peace, you know that she does.
And
Gerald Ford: I don't know. I just don't know.
Gerald Ford: I feel guilty about these things that you know I have about my childhood and then all the shit that I seem to grow it up, you know,
Gerald Ford: I had a pretty rough childhood growing up after after my dad died.
Gerald Ford: After my dad, you know, my, my brother that was
Gerald Ford: Messed up
Gerald Ford: He took my dad's place and became very abusive to me and my mom you after my dad was wrong. So
Gerald Ford: You know,
Gerald Ford: Auto
Richelle Direny: What is what is you find like what do you find that you struggle with, like, what is your
Richelle Direny: Whether you're a trigger or something that you struggle with daily that you're trying to
Richelle Direny: Find a way
Richelle Direny: Where you need that the extra tools to get through daily. Like, what is it that you identify that user struggle daily
Gerald Ford: Oh, well, you know, just my past behaviors. You know, like
Gerald Ford: Like my one son struggles you know with with drugs. You know, I feel really bad.
Gerald Ford: You know, I brought it into my house, you know, and
Gerald Ford: And, you know, again I seen everybody blames me for everything and
Gerald Ford: It's my fault. And I tend to accept that and take it, you know, take it on. Even if it ain't no i know i just said, you know,
Gerald Ford: He does this because of me, you know, or or
Gerald Ford: You know she does this because I did this, you know,
Gerald Ford: You know it it's crazy to one when I get really bad and views. You know, I think, well,
Gerald Ford: I'm going to hurt me to hurt them.
Richelle Direny: So,
Gerald Ford: Good.
Richelle Direny: So I'm trying to just get a better understanding of
Richelle Direny: To decipher because I
Richelle Direny: It sounds like what it seems like I'm hearing you say. A lot of it's like you want to somewhat be whole again and you want to kind of
Richelle Direny: Be whole and just kind of just move through life and do what you need to do that. You can expound on for so long, but it's you're struggling with the baby steps.
Richelle Direny: You're struggling with the, the, the, because you it's like you have a long term goal, but you're trying to get to that long term goal without understanding, you have to make small, short term goals.
Richelle Direny: And get through each small term goals successfully in order to get to that long term goal.
Richelle Direny: That's what, that's what I'm hearing your struggle is
Yeah.
Gerald Ford: That you know that,
Gerald Ford: What do you call
Gerald Ford: I want it and I want it now. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I wanna I want now.
Gerald Ford: So,
Go ahead.
Gerald Ford: I was just gonna say
Gerald Ford: I you know I
Gerald Ford: You know, I do good for a while I get I lose my shit. And then, you know, I get my stuff back together and then know
Gerald Ford: When
Gerald Ford: I lose it again.
Gerald Ford: The stuff was what made know if things was what made
Gerald Ford: You happy. You know, I would have done had done pistol away you know you know these things mean nothing to me. You know, I'm, you know,
Gerald Ford: That's part of the problem with me too, you know. I mean, I'm like, well, when I say fuck it is, what language you know I
Gerald Ford: I
Gerald Ford: You know, I just go all night. Well, if I was this. I'll just get it.
Gerald Ford: I'll get it back, you know, or, you know, just at the time. I don't care and
Gerald Ford: You just, I mean,
Gerald Ford: I mean, again, I have these goals but well
Gerald Ford: I don't take the time just like you know like if I'm not at work, you know, I mean, this will not work. You know, my mind is just crazy because I'm thinking, well, I'm missing out on this and
Richelle Direny: When I say your era.
Richelle Direny: So there's some degree is some degree of
Richelle Direny: I don't want to say impulsivity. I don't want to say that, but it's like so you use work to help distract you. You use work to keep your mind on something to distract you to keep you busy.
Richelle Direny: This is how long have you just this kind of life of a
Richelle Direny: Addiction. When would you start when would you say honestly and. And when I say honestly anytime you ever hear anytime we're meeting and I say honestly
Richelle Direny: I want you, I say this because your honesty is your, your truth is yours. You want to start the process of healing. You have to always
Richelle Direny: Hit your truth because your truth is you acknowledging that hey, this is my struggle. This is what I'm doing. And this is what I need to work on. So for your truth. When did you start using drugs like when did you enter into this life of addiction.
Gerald Ford: We'll see.
Gerald Ford: I struggle with, you know, that a man because before I, you know, not so my brothers and stuff was older than me as far back as I can remember from like
Gerald Ford: Six or seven. You know, I remember my brothers know bone weed smoke in my face, you know, giving me
Gerald Ford: Shotguns know and send those over there. And then, you know, was the 80s now so
Gerald Ford: They grew up in the set.
Richelle Direny: You've been exposed from a child. But when did you develop. So your addiction started when you develop your a dependency on it when it became depends when you became dependent is when you couldn't get through your day without
Richelle Direny: Doing something like if you will copy, you have to do this, like, when did you develop your dependency on it, not when your
Richelle Direny: Goals, but your dependency when you said to wake up, I need this, I need to do this and you're you're constantly chasing this high this feeling of numbness or this out of whatever it is that you were using it for. When did you develop that
Gerald Ford: When did that thought.
Gerald Ford: I was probably
Gerald Ford: I was probably around 21 when when I mean it got really bad. I mean, again, you know, I smoke weed and things for
Gerald Ford: You know, since I was young, you know, but there was never a problem for me.
Richelle Direny: I actually
Gerald Ford: I actually got into like when I was
Almost like
Gerald Ford: Me, My friend and I joke more drunk out whole world was 21 and I ever did after I was 20 anyway. Me and my friends.
Gerald Ford: Was drinking one night.
In and
Gerald Ford: I was to talk to take them home. So we all walk
Gerald Ford: We all walk
Gerald Ford: In our neighborhood. You know, there's a lot of fighting. No, no man anyway.
Gerald Ford: Right, we just gave her banner. I was walking with my friends home.
Gerald Ford: Welcome home in those, you know, if I were
Gerald Ford: A mile and a half away from me. But we welcome. Oh, man, we got so big site one night and
Gerald Ford: I got time probation for this fight.
Gerald Ford: And
Gerald Ford: It was actually you know we was walking around just flat box and then and
Gerald Ford: Then happen to be like a birthday party going on two houses in a row. So they all came outside or like six of us to house full of people come out and like six of us, you know, and I mean it was just
Gerald Ford: You know, like
Gerald Ford: How many people are get
Gerald Ford: Against four or five. Anyway, I got
Gerald Ford: on probation for that and
Gerald Ford: Actually they put me in an outpatient program for for smoking weed and
Gerald Ford: I mean, I found out, then the know was hard for me to put down the week. But I mean, again, and never cause problems for me in my life. Until then,
Gerald Ford: My, my counselor there she was going to put back then and there was a six month
Gerald Ford: You know, my son. I like a year, and there's like six work and
Richelle Direny: How old were you then when you recognize that you had became, you have to develop them addiction to the marijuana. How old are you,
Gerald Ford: I was 21 but that's that's where it all changed, though. Like I said, she made me quit smoking weed.
Gerald Ford: For probation. And what I did is
Gerald Ford: You know she was making me drop twice a week. And what, what I did was I put the way down and I hate I hated pain pills.
Gerald Ford: And the way they made me feel everybody at work was already taken home you know
Gerald Ford: So I took the way down and you know I would go to my counseling thing you know job for her every, every week and I'm not, I put the weed down and I would start you know taking
Gerald Ford: A Viking and or to, you know, to replace sort of place we'd you know
Gerald Ford: And
Richelle Direny: So, so, okay, so hold on before. So you're saying that right around that time is when you recognize it's when it became because even though you're saying that because I want you to just before going any deeper. I want you to take like take baby steps in
Richelle Direny: Under understanding meditating upon it. You understand, because it's like when you're learning something new. You can't take in everything at once you got to take it in slowly and kind of like make it, you know, go around.
Richelle Direny: At the age of 21
Richelle Direny: Given like it was kind of like things started happening. Starting at the age of 21 when you were starting you came into awareness like
Richelle Direny: Actually kind of me. I can smoke, my little blonde like what she mean I can
Richelle Direny: Do this.
Richelle Direny: And then you are realizing like you understand. So from the age of 21 is when you started it, but this is the point I'm making
Richelle Direny: How old are you now.
Gerald Ford: I'm 44
Richelle Direny: So that's what 23 years
About 23 years
Gerald Ford: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: For 23 years is what we're going to say
Richelle Direny: You have been on this road.
Richelle Direny: You have been addicted to something. No matter what you were addicted to something right
Richelle Direny: Now you have your at this point in your life after 23 years of perfecting
Richelle Direny: This life. Now, I'm not saying that it was a pleasant life and that you look forward to doing it and you love it as you love your children or your girlfriend. I'm not saying that I'm saying for 23 years you became a master at what you were doing.
Richelle Direny: For 23 years, your body has gotten used to this right for 23 years you've been feeding your body. Your body knows nothing else, your mind, your body knows it knows nothing else but this because for 23 years you have been doing this.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: You're saying, Okay, I can't do this anymore. Like when I look back at my 23 years. I don't really have
Richelle Direny: anything to show for it. I see all that it's done for me in this 23 years I've ruin lives. I've ruined myself whatever came out of that while you were in this life of addiction. Right.
Richelle Direny: You have to remember why I keep stressing 23 years if you were supposed to break down how many days and hours and minutes is in 23 years
Richelle Direny: It's going to take
Richelle Direny: A while before you can change your mindset and how you think it's gonna take a while for you to really learn how to deal with crisis, how to really learn how to deal with frustration, you're gonna, it's going to take a long time for you to retrain yourself on how to live this life.
Richelle Direny: Outside of your addiction.
Richelle Direny: Because for 23 years how you have been dealing with a life and everything is through at you, was with
Richelle Direny: Whether it's marijuana, whether it's with alcohol was pills with heroin with anything that you can use to deal with it.
Richelle Direny: For every loss you've experienced in life, whether it was due to drug addiction, whether it's was due to regular illness, whatever it was due to someone, someone else's negligence, how you dealt with that grief with that loss how you've dealt with all of that.
Richelle Direny: Was through whatever form on drug number that's that's the tool you it's like you need to fix the door on the door pools, you go and get your toolbox you reached into that toolbox and you find whatever tool that can fix that door right
Richelle Direny: What you did is that you had your toolbox and your toolbox and how to deal with her pain, frustration, anger, whatever it was, is that you reached for whatever drug of choice that will help you to get through that moment right
Gerald Ford: Yeah. Yes.
Richelle Direny: That's what you did was 90 getting that toolbox and I need to pull out something, whether it's heroin. That's what if that's if that is that gonna help me right now.
Richelle Direny: That's what I'm gonna do. If it's alcohol, if that's what to do right now that that's, that is what fits the bill for me to get through this moment.
Richelle Direny: Now you're realizing like
Richelle Direny: Okay. These tools are not helping me because they're causing more destruction.
Richelle Direny: So now you have to find a different way.
Richelle Direny: A healthier way. So then therefore
Richelle Direny: It's gonna be hard. So that's why I said it's going to take baby steps to get there. It's gonna take a long time.
Richelle Direny: You, you're not going to be able to jump to your long term goal you won't be able to, you're just because what you're doing is setting up yourself for destruction. You're literally I'm telling you, I'm gonna be
Richelle Direny: real with you, you're setting up yourself for failure. If you don't start taking baby steps because you have to grasp the concept that for 23 years. This is what I've been doing
Richelle Direny: For 23 years. This is how I've learned how I've taught myself how I've convinced myself how everyone has helped. This is how I deal with it.
Richelle Direny: But now I'm at this place where something in me insane that I can't continue like this. So now I have to retrain myself to do it differently.
Richelle Direny: And how you're starting to being in a program is helping that being in counseling is helping that being a part of a Celebrate Recovery is helping that you're saying that
Richelle Direny: I can't do this enough myself. I need a higher power. And if you're saying that for you, your higher power is God Almighty, and he is helping you along the way, those are your, your, your baby steps that you're learning to retrain your body, how to do it.
Richelle Direny: I learned this concept of what I'm saying to you, and it's still for me. It's a really it was a small or maybe you could think of it. Well, that's a small thing, how you going there.
Richelle Direny: But then I learned how to apply it to all things I learned it from I tell everyone. I don't know if you were in the group when I had shared this where
Richelle Direny: After I had my last child during my pregnancy, my legs. I don't know if your girlfriend when she was pregnant.
Richelle Direny: Her legs will swell up her ankles, they will swell up at some point in the pregnancy or have you seen women that are pregnant that their feet swell up at the end of the evening, their feet swell up
Richelle Direny: And so you would have to sit down or elevate your foot for the swelling to go down. Right.
Richelle Direny: It was something that where the baby is
Richelle Direny: In your, your wound, whether they're sitting or whatever they're doing it makes your legs swallow.
Richelle Direny: After so this was happening for during a period of my time during the pregnancy. So after I gave birth. I'm expecting. All right. Well, they need to stop like I am, I'm not pregnant, no more than why you need to stop.
Richelle Direny: So I asked the doctor, I said, Well, listen, Doc, I mean, I'm no longer pregnant, but my legs keeps falling up like I don't understand.
Richelle Direny: And he says, Well how long during the pregnancy was it's pulling up and I said I was going on for a while for quite some time. And so he just
Richelle Direny: With no emotions with no nothing. The man says, Well, what do you expect it's not going to stop overnight. It's going to take a while. You got it. It's gonna take a while because your body has to get used to.
Richelle Direny: A new norm of not having that's not being pregnant. So it has to get adjusted to this new norm. So over time, it will stop swelling up
Richelle Direny: So sad so done. So I learned this concept that you can apply it to everything else if your body is used to being addicted to something for so long it's going to take a long time.
Richelle Direny: For it.
Richelle Direny: To get adjusted to not depending on these things any longer. And so once you understand that if you have a craving. If you're compelled to do something understand it's your body now fighting with you saying, hold up.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you got me used to this. And now you want to get me unused to it but you got to fight through those urges. You got to fight through all of that. And so now you have to put in the work. And whatever it is that you have to put in. So if that work is
Richelle Direny: Free if that work of putting in his arm.
Richelle Direny: Like you said, maybe working or going to an extra meeting or having counseling or whatever it is that you need to do to help you to get through it if talking to help you to say hey you know what
Richelle Direny: I saw this person today.
Richelle Direny: And I saw them doing this and I was compelled to do that. And that was a trigger for me. How do I get through that. Those are the things that you're going to have to retrain your brain should do.
Richelle Direny: To get through it. So if you can get to your long term goal of ultimate long term sobriety. You understand you understand that.
Gerald Ford: The concept, people do.
Gerald Ford: But I definitely do. But, you know, again, you know, like
Gerald Ford: Like you just said, you know, you do this for so long and you're used to doing it well. Just like in some of these programs, you know, to be brutally honest, you know, like if you do mess up it
Gerald Ford: You know you're scared to admit messing up because you know you're worried about getting thrown out of the program, you know, or you know consequences of
Gerald Ford: That, you know, just like my life. Now you know show no I'm not a member and Charlie was low and my life, except for never been in prison. You know, I've been
Gerald Ford: Helpful for finding stuff for you know little shit a little fight when I was young, but you know
Gerald Ford: And and i got put on probation, like a little over a year ago from overdosing and, you know, they found some drugs right every day. So, you know,
Gerald Ford: I've been struggling with this probation. Also, you know that you know
Gerald Ford: That is very strict, you know,
Gerald Ford: In and you know I want this, you know, for me, not for him, you know, and you know, just like you said, you know, I mean, people will just it's it's easy to say just just don't do it right.
Now,
Richelle Direny: Easy.
Gerald Ford: Right, you know, again, not been doing this for over half of my life.
Gerald Ford: You know, or
Gerald Ford: You know, and
Gerald Ford: And there's consequences to tell them the truth. You know, I mean,
Gerald Ford: You gotta worry about, like I said, like going to jail or, or, you know,
Richelle Direny: Sometimes you get
Richelle Direny: Your truth of who you tell your truth of that. Now granted, when it comes down to a probation officer, it's a little bit different, um,
Richelle Direny: But you have to know who you're telling your truth, too, because sometimes something I could depend on so I could come and say, Hey, Joe. So what's your truth.
Richelle Direny: You have to be able to hold on. Why are you asking me that, and why are you asking me the way you're asking me, because maybe my motive.
Richelle Direny: To asking you that is not to help you but to tear you down and you have to be mindful of that, you have to be on guard, because that's the real true depending on why a person is asking you. Oh, so I wonder, did you slip up today.
Richelle Direny: You have to stop and say, should I even engage that conversation. Should I even answer that because if you're looking for me to fall. Now, I've never Now granted, I've never been involved with the law and I've never been. Now I've worked
Richelle Direny: In aspects of it to understand certain things. My understanding of when people are on probation. I've always heard people who have gone through probation has always said probation is not really meant to help you. It's like a setup.
Richelle Direny: It's almost like they're waiting for you for
Richelle Direny: They're waiting to see you fall
Richelle Direny: It's like, oh, let me see if I could catch them in something. So it's not necessarily to help you. They think it's people think it's to help you. But it's not
Richelle Direny: I've heard people who have been incarcerated and, you know, been on the, the same kind of road you have that always said that probation is not really there to help you. It's there. It's like a setup for your great ultimate fall. So with that little piece of knowledge.
Richelle Direny: You're if you're choosing to take the role of either serving time and putting it behind you or going on probation and trying your hand at working through whatever you're doing while you're on probation.
Richelle Direny: You, you have to figure out how do I get through this probation and be successful to come back whatever the setup that they have set me up for this trap that they have set up for me, you understand. So like you said what at what you said. What I really liked Gerald is that you said
Richelle Direny: You're not your road to recovery is not for anybody else but for you.
Richelle Direny: And you have to always keep that in mind.
Richelle Direny: This is for me. So if I'm your pro he'll officer icon. If I've found me your P. O. And I come to you and I'm trying to catch you in alive. And you know, that's what I'm always going to try to do is catch you in a lie.
Richelle Direny: You have to take your time before you answer me.
Richelle Direny: You understand
Gerald Ford: Why, and you know, and you're supposed to be brutally honest, you know, I mean, for, you know, I mean, just for yourself, respect, you know, but
Gerald Ford: Mean that makes you know that contradicts, you know, the way that you know if you want to live right and
Richelle Direny: It does.
Gerald Ford: Understanding what you're saying to you know just pick and choose what what you're saying what
Richelle Direny: You're not gonna eat by no means you're going to lie because then you're alive. You're the truth will find you out.
Richelle Direny: But it is very control when it comes on to the legal system by, it is it is contradicting it's set up to just find you in something, but
Richelle Direny: The brutal truth and the real honesty here is
Richelle Direny: They put you on probation.
Richelle Direny: You know what it's all about. You know what they set up so now is for you to work every day intentionally knowing these are the terms of my probation and in order to get off of it. I have to follow it by the letter of the law, you understand
Richelle Direny: It's hard.
Richelle Direny: I'm not gonna say that's why I'm not gonna say, by any means. It's not because these are the parameters that they put on you.
Richelle Direny: It's very hard because it's kind of like they said the mind is willing
Richelle Direny: But the, the body is the body is weak. The flesh is weak.
Richelle Direny: Your mind is willing to follow the law, the way it's written. But hey, it's like I feel like there's a force pulling me to do other things.
Richelle Direny: So you have to now come in alignment with what your mind is telling you, Gerald, you got to do A, B and C. And you only have to do A, B, and C for six months, you got to find a way to try to get through every day of the six months so that you don't falter.
Richelle Direny: Because the truth is it's easier for me to say it now, but the truth is x at the end of six months. You're going to feel so much better. We're able to get through these difficult times to get out of how long is your probation.
Gerald Ford: Was first them for for a year, but I'm going on.
Gerald Ford: A year.
Gerald Ford: A year to five years, you know,
Gerald Ford: But as long as you did everything is supposed to do. And in a year you was YOU'D BE ALL, THROW I get everything and and I messed up and got a dirty. When I after I but you know I went in patient, not that long ago.
Gerald Ford: And I did good for a while and for I came back to you guys, you know,
Gerald Ford: You know, I just wasn't ready, you know, I got off the medicine they want and give me medicine there at the at the rehab. You know, they said that work. But, you know,
Gerald Ford: Because I i can't mess it up but you know that it's just, it's just, you know, I mean, they never set, you know, just like this. I mean this helped me
Gerald Ford: Understand just us talking like this. I've never, you know, they've never took any program. But as I've never know sat down and talk like this and and had this little things you know explain, you know, like, it's like you're in the right now.
Richelle Direny: It and I've never been through, but I can just imagine how hard it is, it is a true and I hear people who have been through it.
Richelle Direny: That I know that are used to work with kids who are on probation and for even them. It was a struggle because sometimes your environment.
Richelle Direny: Is not necessarily conducive to to support change your environment plays a big factor, the people you're around is not conducive to help you to support change.
Richelle Direny: So there's so many different factors. And so it's kind of like you're fighting you're going against the grain, all you feel like you're all by yourself going against the screen you have this big wall in front of you how. Go ahead.
Gerald Ford: Right. I mean, I mean, he hasn't. I mean, he is the Lord knows as prick that I've ever met him. I mean, even my counselor at
Gerald Ford: The impatient. You know, I want to, you know, she like she talks a lot of probation officers, you know, like, you know, I know, pretty good. She talked him like five minutes. He's like, man, you read
Gerald Ford: This guy.
Gerald Ford: You know, and
Richelle Direny: And I, you know, honestly, I don't even know all maybe
Richelle Direny: I've seen that. Yes, they are. A lot of them. It makes no sense. And I heard like adult peels or worse than you know what the juveniles, but it's some of them. It's like it's almost like
Richelle Direny: It's like they have like a personal vendetta against you.
Richelle Direny: Some of them. It's just, it makes sense why there's so it's a
Gerald Ford: CHANCE AT ALL. You know, I mean no understanding. I mean,
Gerald Ford: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like that that finger pointing. They're doing this finger pointing thing. And if you're supposed to ever go find out how their life is they're probably doing the same or worse, but you know it's neither here and there, I get it, but
Richelle Direny: It's it's it's it's it's a harder thing to hear, but it is the reality is that they are who they are and you really, you have no control how
Richelle Direny: How they act you have zero control how they act and who they are, but it goes back to while you were living this life. No one told you the consequence of your action.
Richelle Direny: So it says somewhat like dealing with a probation officer is your daily consequence or your however often you have to interact with him. That's one part of your consequence that you have to live through
Richelle Direny: You just have to find ways daily. How do I get through this. How do I identify my triggers get through my triggers so that I don't fall to have to continue dealing with this individual. So your motivation. Your motivator. How can I get rid of this person out my life.
Richelle Direny: That's your motivator.
Richelle Direny: I remember listening. I used to tell these kids there when I used to work with kids who had to deal with the, the, the, the legal system.
Richelle Direny: And because they were in the legal system. They have to deal with me.
Richelle Direny: So then I would come in. They're like, I don't even want you in here. I don't want to talk to you. I said, well, that's show business. You're the one that got me in your life. So if you want me out your life.
Richelle Direny: You need to do what you need to do to get me out your life and what pleasure I will come out. You're like, straight, I would tell him I said, You want me out of your life, do what you need to do, and I will put pleasure. Our culture life.
Richelle Direny: And literally, it was they want to hear that. But guess what they did what they needed to do.
Richelle Direny: For me to get out of their lives.
Richelle Direny: So I would tell them, you do not want me in your house, but you are the reason why I'm in your house and the longer it takes for you to understand that concept. The longer I stay in your house. So guess what
Richelle Direny: I would love to come at your house. By this time, just to what you need to do to get out to for me to get at your house.
Richelle Direny: And data. And that's just how you have to look at it.
Gerald Ford: And I do understand that. But again, you know, we're talking about, you know, my whole reason for being on probation is my addiction, you know if I could just just poof shut off you know I word, you know, and I mean I just said there's there's just been no
Gerald Ford: No, I'm not making excuses because I
Gerald Ford: Know what what I've done.
Gerald Ford: And everything like that. But you know, it's just like you said, I mean they don't give a shit if you just go ahead and go do a year in jail you know and and not have to do you know
Gerald Ford: Because bottom line. He doesn't care if I get off. But now he's gonna be doing my job if I didn't make it a bottom line is, he don't care upon him. We have a president, you know, I mean,
Gerald Ford: You know, if I went to prison for a year, then, then, then you know this ship would all be behind me, but I don't know that that's just
Gerald Ford: I mean, that's just one of the things that I'm struggling with. Now, now I'm actually haven't seen you for a little while so
Gerald Ford: Uh, probably in a little bit of trouble with home which, you know, I really don't. I mean, I can do with that. I want to get my, you know, I want to get my head right and you know just just get, you know, I just want no I just
Richelle Direny: So state.
Richelle Direny: So this is what I would recommend for every group for every session for everything. I just stay
Richelle Direny: I suggest
Richelle Direny: You want to like you said, these are the things that you want. So therefore, just stay focused on your goal. What is is that you want just a focus on that.
Richelle Direny: And if you stay focused on that. You'll be surprised that you're closer to your long term goal without recognizing all the work that you've done. Don't say so. So don't be so focused on the probation. The not using the not wanting to use because the more you stay focused on your gold.
Richelle Direny: Your realize that you've met you've met such strides and you have been doing everything that you've needed to do.
Richelle Direny: without recognizing man I did all of this. It's what you're saying focus on is what you're, you're, you're, you understand it's like you're you're following the life
Richelle Direny: If you follow the light, you have to stay focused on the light. But if you look to the left. Guess you lose sight of the light right
Richelle Direny: That's
Richelle Direny: All it is stay focus on the light and staying focused on the light is going to keep sending out different clues to continue. Keep going to the light. Keep going. Don't look to the left nor right just stay focused on the light because the light is your ultimate goal.
Richelle Direny: Because if you're staying focused on the light, you're doing everything you need to do to maintain your sobriety.
Richelle Direny: Because you're staying focused on your goal. You're not allowing all of these distractors. I'm not going to say temptation is not going to be there along the way it will be it will be. I promise you this
Richelle Direny: Temptations will be there along the way.
Richelle Direny: It's are you staying focused on the light and how do you stay focused on the light going to your meetings going to counseling taking whatever
Richelle Direny: Prescription the way it's it's it's prescribed to you if it is that you for you. You want to get back into church. You want to, you know, develop your relationship with God, which is of ultimate importance if you stay focused on that.
Richelle Direny: Everything else will kind of fall in place. It's the question is what are you staying focused on
Richelle Direny: If you stay focused on, I want to get through this quick then you lose the purpose you lose the goal.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm so focused and I want to get through this. I want to get through this. I want to get through this. You lose sight of your goal, but if you stay focused on the light
Richelle Direny: Then you will ultimately get where you need to go. And that's how you doing your realize that you're you're making. It's kind of like you ever see a baby. The baby walking when a baby is learning how to walk.
Richelle Direny: And you tell the baby and you say, no, look at me, look at me. Come to me. And as they're looking at you. What are they doing
Gerald Ford: In China, you
Richelle Direny: know nothing about what I'm saying to you a baby is learning how to walk, they're looking at you and they're walking right
Richelle Direny: Do they know that they're walking
Gerald Ford: I would say so.
Richelle Direny: They don't know because they're just focus on you. They're just excited.
Richelle Direny: They're staying focused on you, and they're making those steps, they're going. The minute that they stop and look around what happens
When
Richelle Direny: They fall
Richelle Direny: Because they realize oh crap. What am I doing, and fear sets in.
Gerald Ford: Make sense, it does start looking around and then reaching for something, the whole
Richelle Direny: Fear second
Richelle Direny: And then you fall, but then you put them back up on their feet.
Richelle Direny: And you say, now look come today come. They're all with statement there, right there. Walk to you they're walking to you.
Richelle Direny: And then they've reached their goal. But the minute they stopped focusing on you and they look around to reach I fall
Richelle Direny: Because now I become fearful of what's really going on.
Gerald Ford: Understood.
Richelle Direny: Stay focused on the line. Stay focused on your goal, because if you stay focused on your goal, you've accomplished so much
Richelle Direny: And don't even realize how much you've accomplished until you get to your goal you look back at the finish line. And you're like, Dang, that's all that I left back there. You sure did. Because you stayed focused on your, your, your goal you stay focused on the line.
Richelle Direny: If you take nothing else take that safe zone in your life. What is your goal and stay focused on that.
Gerald Ford: You
Gerald Ford: Know, with you guys and I appreciate this.
Gerald Ford: Morning on
Gerald Ford: My phone is about to bash really
Richelle Direny: That's okay. We is VS 15 minutes past session. Okay, so
Gerald Ford: Hold on, I'm not complaining about
Gerald Ford: To hang up on me just, he just kept me. Oh.
Richelle Direny: No problem. You go to group on Tuesdays. Right.
Gerald Ford: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's meet um
Richelle Direny: Is this time. Good for you. GERALD.
Gerald Ford: This is fine, we're not working. So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so let's do the 23rd at 10 o'clock.
No, no.
Richelle Direny: No, let's do the 23rd know I have to do a different time. Let's do the 23rd at I'm going to do for
Gerald Ford: For
Gerald Ford: That's fine. Yeah. Jenny you text me again.
Gerald Ford: Just Yeah, remind me.
Richelle Direny: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So I'll see you on
Gerald Ford: Tuesday. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: No problem. Good day.
Richelle Direny: You too. Bye bye.